# Day-In-Review
Detail explanation of what happened on the first day of cybersecurity class on March 03, 2025
During the very first day of cybersecurity, we (the students) was introduce to the lovely staff of City of Refuge and N Pursuits. They went over expectations and policy of the program. I was thrilled to meet everyone and put a name to each faces. I was a bit surpised that I never tuned out considering how it was almost 3 hours long. We then had a adventurous tour of the campus from the one and only John McQueen. The tour gave me more insights to what took place on the premise and how City of Refuge distribute the funds that are volunteerly given to them. It become an emotional tour when we learned why a non-profit organization like the COR was started in the first place. After the tour, we headed to the cafeteria for lunch. I've had much better pizza but I can't complain when it was enjoyed with some good, new companies (my classmates). The last hour of class consist of a wholesome ice breakers to get to know everyone in the room. I laughed more than I imagined. What surprised me the most was Angie's truth. I didn't know she waws half Thai! The last part of today's class involved a chaotic process of Derik assigning these clean, updated laptop to the class as well as trying to get everyone signed in. I am grateful that mine was setup and ready to go. Overall, today has been a light, easy introductory day and I am more than thrilled to be a part of such a honorable program. The staff are very friendly (remembering our names), the instructors and TA might as well have a second job as comedians because they were all humorous, and my classmate all seems very mindful, helpful, and especially intelligent. 
